hi youtube its Philo here today I want
to talk about this game that my friend
was like hey I have the PS 5 come over
and play it I'm like I already have the
PS 5 what game is it know that I should
play and he's like it's this new game
called far crying for so I'm like far
cry well why would anyone play a game
with crying in the title I don't get
that when I was like whatever you know
what man I don't want to play this game
with you cuz you're not that good of a
friend of mine and I don't really like
you but uh but let me borrow it please
and he said no but before I left his
house I took it anyway so I've been
playing this game called far crying for
and I'm like wow no wonder with this guy
and I aren't that close to friends and
I'm glad I didn't buy this game myself
get it cuz it mmm
it is horrible horrible horrible game
anyways anyway so this horrible horrible
far crying game I've been playing it and
I'm like
first off I'm skydiving I'm like oh this
could be kind of cool and I crashed and
died I'm like how is this is not
realistic that didn't do what I wanted
to do I don't know what I don't know
what the can all controls are it's just
like come on man come on it's a why'd
they clip to make it a little more
working better kind of thing anyways I'm
on the ground and you it's a
first-person shooter which is all we
don't have enough first-person shooters
now but whatever so I'm running around
and then suddenly out of nowhere this is
not a joke like you'd think that people
would put this in a video game as a joke
to be like haha just kidding leave this
isn't part of the video game because
it'd be stupid if it is but this is what
they do they put animals in this game so
there's this giant like cheetah after me
and then there's this elephant an
elephant can attack and and kill you in
this game among all these other animals
I have weird names I don't even know an
elephant comes at me it's like hits me
numbs it's an elephant I tried you know
it's just like
it's terrible on top of that the
graphics in this game are some of the
worst I've seen in a game in a very long
time you know it's just like why can't
they make graphics that look good you
know this is 2015 now so you think the
graphics could be more realistic but
they just so fake so there's blocky
elephants running around and I'm just
like trying to trying to get away and I
try to shoot it and there's just like
everything so stupid I did fall off the
bridge it's just like come on man
there's no plot to this game either you
just kind of run around and do whatever
I got bored within a half an hour I'm
like this game is boring there's no
story or anything terrible graphics
stupid elephants no story and terrible
graphics and and blocky elephants it's
just terrible everything about this game
is horrible a glitchy full of glitches
and it's just I hope they released some
sort of update with the game where
instead of the when you put the disc in
it's just so it just tells you go to
this website it will refund you and this
game doesn't work anymore because it's
horrible that's what that new update
should be so anyways guys I'm gonna be
making more videos soon so I hope you
like this one thumbs up this video if
you agree with me that Far Cry 4 is one
of the worst game it is the worst game I
played called Far Cry 4